{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 bddc - BIND dynamic DNS client\
\
This application is for folks with a dynamic IP and access to a server running BIND v8 or above.\
\
It will find your primary IP address and send updates to your name server whenever it changes.  You can sign those changes with a TSIG key, allowing for secure access control.\
\
The program is essentially a wrapper for the nsupdate(8) command; you probably should be familiar with its quirks before you try messing with this application.\
\
REQUIREMENTS:\
Dunno.  I think it'll only work in OS 10.2, but give it a try on any OS X or above system.\
\
INSTALLATION:\
(kinda -- this is just a rough guide)\
1.  Compile both targets in Project Builder\
2.  create an empty file (using touch or something): ~/Library/Application Support/bddc/lastIPaddr.xml\
3.  Move bddc.prefpane (in the build directory) to ~/Library/PreferencePanes\
4.  Move bddc.app wherever you like.\
5.  Setup bddc.app to run on login\
6.  Log out/in, or restart\
\
Settings are in the System Preferences.  They should be self-explanatory.\
\
COPYRIGHT:\
None.  This application has been placed into the public domain.  Do whatever you wish with it -- I encourage you to develop it further into something more useful.\
\
DISCLAIMER:\
This code has no comments, is probably quite buggy, etc.  It's my first Obj-C project, and I wrote it for myself, not for deployment.  Usage is totally at your own risk.\
\
I cannot and will not support this application for end users.  If you're developing using some of this code, I can answer questions for general education's sake.\
\
Enjoy!\
\
-Sweetpea, 11/2002\
bddc@tentacle.net}